[THEME SONG]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Perhaps
one of the strangest phenomena
among humans is what
we call walk-ins.
This occurs when a
soul is ready to depart
a body with another
soul waiting to enter
the same body within
a split second.
This is said to generally
occur among younger people when
the soul of the one
born in one body
decides their job is done
and turns the vehicle over
to another soul who
wants to short-circuit
the process of maturation to get
on with a task here on Earth.
Nicholas David Ngan says
he is one of these souls.
Having a clear directive in life
with his soul contract work,
he began hearing similar
stories in others
and created a network
for people who
believe they may be walk-ins.
David, I've talked to you
via Skype from England.
And it's wonderful to
have you here on the show.
And I hope you're enjoying
your time in the US.
And I've always found the
subject of walk-ins intriguing.
And living in Sedona,
Arizona, that's no surprise.
It's not an uncommon thing
to even talk about there.
But it's a very complex
and very real subject.
So I would like to ask you
to begin the conversation
with telling us
how you initially
began feeling like something
was different in your own life
and how you discovered
this about yourself.
>> NICHOLAS DAVID NGAN: Well,
I'd always felt different from
most people.
And I thought that was normal.
I looked at my family when
I was a child thinking,
these aren't my real parents.
Someone hasn't
told me something.
There's a secret that
someone hasn't told me.
And I'd look at the stars,
I'd be looking for home.
Because--
>> REGINA: You were looking
to the stars for home?
>> NGAN: Yeah.
I was looking for home.
Because I knew
something wasn't right,
that this Earth wasn't home.
These weren't my family,
like I was adopted,
or I was a visitor.
That's how I felt.
And so I had this big question
mark my entire life of, why
don't I fit in?
Why do people do all
these strange things,
why don't they tell the truth?
And I used to go around
telling the truth all the time
and get myself in
a lot of trouble.
But I thought that's
what you should do.
You should tell the truth.
Because there's
nothing but that.
And I was looking
for my real family.
I knew there were
people out there who
I could open to and
be connected to.
Because I hadn't
found any of them yet.
And people seem to be
like on remote control,
just going through
the motions in life.
And they weren't doing the
best that they could either.
They were doing less
conscious things.
They were exploiting others.
They were not really engaging
with how life should be,
I thought.
And so I was in a spiritual
workshop when I was about 30
with my teacher,
Frank Alper, who
taught me the soul
contract work.
And he spoke about
walk-ins, about,
just as you said, we
come into our body
when we're a few years after the
body's been actually created.
I came in when I was about,
well, maybe 12, actually.
>> REGINA: Oh, that's a
little older, isn't it?
>> NGAN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> NGAN: I came in at 12.
And I noticed a distinct
change at that age.
I suddenly became
much more powerful.
I didn't feel timid anymore.
I took on my father, who
was a very powerful man.
And I felt none
of this is right.
What am I doing in this family?
What's really going on?
I was really searching
for the answer.
And so Frank Alper talked to
me, or talked to all of us
in this workshop,
about walk-ins,
how we choose to
come into a body
to bring a much more conscious
or powerful soul in to bring
transformational
energy, to bring
high consciousness through
an existing personality which
stays the same when we have a
change of soul and walk-ins.
So my emotional, mental, and
spiritual bodies changed.
But the personality
stayed the same.
So we had a big clash.
It was like I was in a
very dysfunctional body.
And there was this very
high-frequency being
trying to speak the
truth through this body.
>> REGINA: And so we're going to
talk about a lot of the common
denominators between people
with this experience.
But in the case of
your family, what
was the experience like for you?
For them, too.
Both.
>> NGAN: Well, they were
mystified why had this
previously shy, timid child
suddenly get very strong,
get very mouthy, and
want to do his own thing.
>> REGINA: Well,
you were what, 12?
They thought
hormones, pubescence--
>> NGAN: Yeah, well that's
what they thought probably.
>> REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>> NGAN: But they
couldn't make me out.
They were a bit
shocked, actually,
of what was actually going on.
>> REGINA: When you said you
were telling the truth a lot--
of course, on this planet, a
lot of people don't necessarily
want to hear the truth
per se, unless, of course,
it's a flattering
portrait of something.
So what kind of truths
were you telling
in your family that
could've been upsetting,
for example, and friends?
>> NGAN: Well, it was more--
at school and with friends--
I would just call things,
just name things for what they
really were.
And I would look at people
doing things, say with money.
They were trying, students
trying to make sure they
got a good student loan
not telling the truth
about their real status.
And I would tell the
truth and get less money.
I'm thinking, well,
that's not fair.
I told the truth,
that should be OK.
And none of them told the truth,
and they got a better pursory.
>> REGINA: You hadn't learned
the guile of planet Earth yet,
right?
>> NGAN: No, I was really naive.
Walk-ins can be very
naive, because we
come from at least the
fifth dimension or higher,
where the unity consciousness
is, and there's only truth.
There are no lies.
There's no polarity.
There's no illusion.
It's just like, this
is just the way it is.
So I thought this is how
it should be on Earth.
But I was shocked,
because it wasn't.
>> REGINA: No, no.
OK, now you were 12 years old.
When this happens with most
people, they're quite a bit
younger.
Can you talk about the
normal age range this happens
and why that is?
>> NGAN: The reason
it happens is
because if the walk-in's
soul came in at the time
of conception, the
frequency difference between
the walk-in's soul and their
mother would be too great.
And she'd end up
having a miscarriage
because she couldn't
carry that soul.
>> REGINA: Is that what
happens with women?
Is it-- I wouldn't
say common-- but does
that happen, that a
soul tries to come in,
and the frequencies
are such a mismatch
with the little vehicle in
development that it miscarries?
>> NGAN: That could
be one reason.
But usually it's more--
>> REGINA: I mean, I'm not
saying on average by any means,
but it occurred to me that may
be why some of these occur.
>> NGAN: I think maybe
some of the time.
But usually it's
more the soul wants
to have embodiment for part
of the time in the fetus,
but then it just says,
OK, I've had enough.
This is plenty.
I'm out of here.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> NGAN: And so, you--
>> REGINA: This is hard.
>> NGAN: So this is
why this happens.
Well, they just may have
wanted to get used to it.
Or the mother and father may
have had a contract to actually
experience life and
death, to go through grief
of the loss of a child.
There can be all sorts
of agreements worked out
between the souls
prior to incarnation.
So there's a whole range
of things that can happen.
>> REGINA: Yes.
OK, so going back to
the walk-in scenario,
so a high frequency
entity-- it's
too difficult to get through
the birth process, right?
So let's go from there.
>> NGAN: Yeah.
So what happens there
is that the walk-in soul
and the first soul will pick
a time, a very specific time
and location, for the
walk-in to actually occur.
Because the firs
soul has created
the body, the
personality, and it's
got a very specific astrological
configuration, which
is why kids are often early or
late, because they are trying
to adjust to make sure they
get the right astrology.
And so the walk-in
soul will pick
a time which will produce
a new astrological chart,
the walk-in chart.
And so it wants a very specific
pattern to occur there,
that's why the time
is prearranged.
And so when they do the
exchange, what actually happens
is that the first
soul withdrawals all
its energy from the
cellular structure,
just like when we
die, physically die.
It pulls all the energy from
the cells to the pranic tube.
And then it leaves in about
a millionth of a second.
>> REGINA: In a
millionth of a second?
>> NGAN: About a
millionth of a second.
And what happens is
that it goes like this.
And then the second soul
will come like this.
And they pause about here.
I've seen it happen once.
They pause, they just must
communicate very briefly.
And then they go, "shoop."
The other one comes in and
spreads its energy back
into the cellular structure.
But basically it's
a brand new being.
>> REGINA: So it's within
a breath it's done.
>> NGAN: Literally
a blink of an eye.
>> REGINA: It's done.
OK.
Let's talk about you at 12
years old and where you were
and how this happened, and
what the notion of memory
for yourself.
And we're going to
talk in a little bit.
I talked to Drunvalo about
this recently on camera.
So we're going to insert
that in a little later
about his experience of how that
happened on a cellular memory.
But how was your transition?
How did this occur?
And where, and why did you
choose that place and time?
>> NGAN: There's two
types of walk-ins.
You can have either a conscious
one or an unconscious one.
Mine was relatively unconscious.
Usually the first soul initiates
a shock, or an illness,
something to disrupt all
the energy systems that--
>> REGINA: Yes.
So what did your previous-- the
soul in this body previously--
what did it manifest in
order to make this happen?
>> NGAN: I'm not sure exactly.
All I knew is that I
woke up one day feeling,
I haven't been here before.
It's like, what's going
on, I looked at the world
completely differently.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> NGAN: Things were more--
>> REGINA: So you had no memory.
>> NGAN: I had no memory.
Things were more luminescent.
I'm just like, who
are these people?
It was literally like
waking up out of a dream.
And I was in this body trying
to work it out, what's going on.
And I didn't feel a
connection to my family.
>> REGINA: At all.
>> NGAN: From what
I can remember,
not much of a connection.
Who are these people going
through the motions of life?
What's this house?
It was really strange.
It's like having amnesia.
So I actually had lost memory.
I'd lost the
emotional connection,
because the emotional
body changes.
So all the emotional
cords are gone.
But I'd also lost
a bit of memory.
So I have blanks on childhood.
Because the mental
body which contains
the memory had left as well.
We have residual
memory in our cells
which could come out eventually.
But at that stage, it
was like literally I
had been transplanted
into someone else's life
with no memory of
how I got there.
>> REGINA: How weird can that
be when you don't have memory?
It sounds like some people have
more memory from the beginning,
others have less memory
from the beginning.
>> NGAN: It varies.
>> REGINA: It varies.
>> REGINA: So were you at home?
Well, you don't know.
Well, the day you remember
feeling different,
was everything kind of
unrecognizable to you?
Or was there some body memory of
some of your stuff and maybe--
>> NGAN: The house sort
of looked familiar.
But it was almost like
a soft-focus movie.
Again, I was like, ooh.
It sort of looks OK.
But it's not quite OK.
I guess that's how it was.
I remember a very specific
moment in the lounge at home,
looking around, trying to work
it out, what is going on here?
>> REGINA: Where were you?
Where did this take place?
>> NGAN: That was at
my parents' house.
I was only 12.
>> REGINA: Were you in
England at the time?
>> NGAN: Well, no.
This was in New Zealand.
>> REGINA: This
was in New Zealand.
>> NGAN: Yes, this
>> REGINA: OK., All right.
>> NGAN: And then from there
on, I tried to work out-- well,
what's actually happened?
I started exploring,
trying to work it out.
But I wasn't as
conscious as I am now.
I just knew that
something wasn't right.
>> REGINA: So as you
started expressing yourself,
and your family had
to get used to you,
what were the soul expressions
that were occurring?
You obviously came for purpose.
And you're doing
your life's work now,
which is really beautiful
work, and your work,
also, in soul contracts.
And so how did this
start showing itself
in terms of
personality difference
if you were to ask
your family about it?
>> NGAN: Well, I think I
became probably more driven.
I was searching for the
real meaning of my life.
All these kids at
school were going
to go and be policeman or
engineers or architects,
whatever the stuff
they do at school is.
And I thought, well I'm not
going to do any of that.
I thought, I have
to do something.
Because I'm in a body.
So I sort of settled
for something,
I settled to be an engineer.
But I knew that
wasn't really it.
But I hadn't actually found
what, deep in my soul,
was the real meaning
for being here.
I knew I was unconsciously
searching for that.
And I sort of set off to
find out, well, what is it?
There's got to be a real
reason for being here.
And no one could
give me the answer.
It was silence.
And that was like,
what do I do with this?
>> REGINA: And this is a
very common experience.
When you have a
questionnaire, when
people start feeling like
something's not right--
why am I here, I don't belong
to these people, all the things
you said-- if
they're lucky, they
will come in contact with
someone that will turn them
onto your site and understand
there are many others like you.
It's not common, but there
are others out there.
And this feeling
of not belonging
is probably number
one, would you say?
>> NGAN: Yes, it's because
there's a vast difference
in consciousness and frequency
in between a walk-in soul
and the majority of people
on Earth, even lightworkers,
even other service souls.
It's not that they're
any better or worse,
it's just that a
walk-in soul volunteers
to come to Earth to bring a
very specific stream of higher
consciousness.
And it's part of the
ascension process on Earth.
We each have very
specific roles.
We don't come here by accident.
We get chosen.
We volunteer, but we get chosen
for the gift we will bring.
And because the walk-in
soul has an enormous amount
of experience and soul power,
we are programmed at soul level;
we will do it no matter what.
No matter how dense the cellular
memory from the first soul
is, the issues we
have to work through.
Because we need to learn
how to become human.
Because we don't know what
it's like to be human.
We can't relate
our gift to people.
It'll just be going over
their head, it'll be nonsense.
So we have to have the
human experience, as well.
And that's the dichotomy.
It's like we've got a lot of
dysfunction in the body, which
we all have, just the nature
of being in a body and separate
from God.
And then we've got this
higher-frequency truth wanting
to come through us in
a very specific way.
And this frequency is
coming into the body.
And what it's doing
is it's releasing
all this dysfunctional
programming
as it's trying to embody.
But it must do that so the
body rises in frequency,
to allow the higher
consciousness
part of the walk-in to
embody more parts of itself.
Because we don't
all come in at once.
We come in in layers
and different components
if the frequency of
the body can handle it.
>> REGINA: I see.
>> NGAN: Cause if we all
came in at one go, we'd pop.
Our body couldn't handle it.
>> REGINA: You'd short-circuit
the body, the brain,
the neurology--
>> NGAN: The body
could not handle it.
>> REGINA: --everything.
Oh, so parts of you keep
coming in over time.
>> NGAN: Yeah,
new parts come in.
And that's the reason
that I couldn't
find the answer of why I'm here.
Because it wasn't going to
be revealed to me till I
was ready-- I could
emotionally cope,
and I was spiritually evolved
enough at a personally level
to better handle the answer
that was going to come.
So we have to get clear
enough emotionally,
and embody enough
of who we are, then
spirit starts to reveal,
now, here's the real purpose.
And when they reveal
that, it's like,
yeah, I can cope with that.
I can cope with that.
And if you told me I'd be
doing this, say 20 years ago,
I couldn't have coped with that.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> NGAN: But I can now.
It's like, bring
it on, let's go.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> NGAN: You see.
So it's an experiment
in consciousness.
Because the soul doesn't know
how me, at personality level,
is going to relate to a
lot of what's going on.
So it has to try a few
things on to awaken,
embody consciousness,
and see what happens.
And it adjusts.
So it's not a
foregone conclusion
how the life's
going to turn out.
>> REGINA: Well, I was
going to ask you that next.
What happens when this
agreement has been made,
a soul successfully
exchanges with the other,
and it takes on
this walk-in status,
and then the one who has
walked in says, "It's too much.
I can't do this."
Does that happen fairly often,
where then the soul will leave,
and the body goes
ahead and dies?
>> NGAN: Occasionally.
I've seen it with some of
the clients I've worked with.
Because we work with a
lot of walk-in souls.
We seem to be walk-in
central in England.
>> REGINA: Yes,
walk-in central, yes.
>> NGAN: Yeah, they
find us somehow.
Because I've tried
everything else.
And we're like the port of
last resort, please help.
And you can see that's
what's going on.
Occasionally they
come into a body which
is too dysfunctional,
and the walk-in
can't wake the
personality up enough.
And sometimes the
body will get ill.
And it will die.
I've seen it happen a few times.
Sometimes the walk-in soul
can misjudge the level
of consciousness and
the density of the--
>> REGINA: Density, yeah--
>> NGAN: -cell memory.
>> REGINA: --the potential of
the cells to take that-- yeah.
>> NGAN: And how
someone can change.
Because the human ego is
very attached to suffering
and staying in its
same old place.
It wants to hang
on to the old way
rather than open
to consciousness.
So it happens occasionally.
But most of the time,
most walk-in souls
find a way to integrate.
It can be rough at times.
Some are relatively smooth,
because we have different soul
types.
And if you have the
same soul type coming
in the bodies as a predecessor,
it's so much easier.
Like, we have angelics.
You have extraterrestrials,
and you have ascended masters.
And a smattering
of elohim souls,
very high-frequency
beings who come in.
So if you have, for
example, say an angelic soul
in the body initially--
it's very gentle
and unconditionally
loving-- then
you bring an
extraterrestrial soul--
who is going to have a much
more harder, more focused
energy, because that's where a
lot of extraterrestrial souls
come from-- the body's going
to go, what's going on here?
>> REGINA: Now, that
makes sense, because--
>> NGAN: Like a
different language, see?
>> REGINA: Yes, and adaptations
would have to be made within
the intelligence of the
souls-- I mean of the cells
of the body-- to
accommodate that soul.
That makes perfect sense.
ET energy is not at all the
same as an angelic guide,
or source type of energy.
And it's not as though
one is over the other.
They're just such a
different energy--
>> NGAN: It's a
different language.
>> REGINA: --for a
different person Yeah,
and they have different
purposes for coming here, right?
>> NGAN: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: And I think it's
important to acknowledge that
each one of us is a splendid
being at the core of all
of this and trying
to just work it out.
And the notion that you
come in a little bit
later to be able to get on with
this process without having
to go through the first 12
years, or the first 20 years,
or in Drunvalo's
case, I think it
was almost 30
years or something.
I can understand that.
If a soul has to make a contract
to get a certain thing done
at a time when the planet is
ready for that information,
say, like what you're doing.
>>NGAN: Yeah, usually it's
pre-incarnationally organized,
that sort of thing.
But sometimes they're
done on the fly.
Sometimes someone will
say, I'm sort of done.
And then a walk-in
sou-- they may even
have a discussion
at the soul level.
The will say, OK, well,
we can do a change.
And this one will
say, yep, no problem.
And especially nowadays,
because we've been through 2012,
and the process of ascension
is going very rapidly,
no one actually knows
what's going to happen.
So a lot of odd specialists
are going to turn up.
>> REGINA: A lot of specialists?
>> NGAN: Specialists, in
terms of their consciousness--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> NGAN: --what the gifts
they'll bring in-- and they may
come in literally
at the last minute.
OK, we need this now, we need
this now, we need this now.
And they'll arrive to
actually help in the process.
>> REGINA: So the phenomena
of walk-ins is increasing?
>> NGAN: It's hard to
say from my perspective,
because we see a
disproportionate number
of people like this,
simply because of--
>> REGINA: Because they're
finding their way to you.
>> NGAN: Because they're
finding us, you see.
So we do a lot of
work with that.
So I don't know if the
number's increasing,
but I'd say it's not decreasing.
>> REGINA: So tell us about
instances, for example--
because you have, sometimes,
this lack of memory,
or amnesia of sorts, but the
whole personality has changed--
with some of the people
that you have dealt with--
can you give us an example
of someone else-- no names,
of course-- where their entire
personality began changing,
and what it did to a family,
or within their relationships.
It can be anyone that comes
to your mind, actually.
>> NGAN: Yeah, sometimes
people can do this process--
because I've helped people
do this consciously,
this is where I've observed the
change of souls, literally--
and they can come in as one
person, in the treatment room.
And they end up going
out as another person.
And they know
something's happened.
And I will explain
to them-- this
is one person I explained--
this is about to happen.
And it was a very specific
time it had to happen.
So a spirit told me, you must
have her in a certain state,
in terms of the energy work
we were doing, by this time,
because we're going
to have a walk-in.
>> REGINA: This is where
the astrology has to happen,
in that second--
>> NGAN: Yeah, they literally
talk to my ear, see.
They're like, 10:59
AM and 30 seconds
this is going to happen.
And it did.
And they said in my ear.
>> REGINA: How bizarre is that?
So you've assisted--
>> NGAN: Assisted and--
>> REGINA: And witnessed, too--
>> NGAN: witnessed it.
>> REGINA: --the change.
And so tell us what happened
with the personality
before and after.
>> NGAN: Well, she went home
to her family as a different
person.
And then she looked in
the wardrobe, thinking,
all these flower, hippy-like
clothes, blah, yuck.
Don't like any of these.
She chucked them all out.
She stopped eating what
the previous soul did.
She quit the job of
the previous soul.
[CHUCKLING]
And she basically built
an entirely new life
and was very lost, initially,
very emotionally dysfunctional
because the high
frequency coming in
was pushing out
all the dysfunction
from the first soul, which is
contained in the soul contract.
And so she spent the
first two or three years
just cleaning the body out
and blowing chakras and trying
to rebuild her energy system,
so that the high frequency
part could arrive.
And so all her friends
just were gone.
She looked at these
people thinking--
>> REGINA: No friends,
lost all her friends.
>> NGAN: It's like,
I don't know you.
In fact, you're relating
to me the way I used to be.
And that's not me.
So they were
projecting on her what
we call telepathic imaging
of how she should be.
It was like an
energetic cage, and she
was feeling really constricted
and got ill around them.
So she said, I can't
be with these people.
Because they unconsciously
think I'm her, but I'm me.
So she had to rebuild
all her friendships.
She completely rebuilt
the relationship
with her biological parents.
It took a long time.
But she knew she had to do
that as part of integration
to actually relate
to human beings--
>> REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
>> NGAN: --that have a family.
So basically it created a
completely different life
and was quite unstable for
a long time, energetically,
because of all the higher
frequencies coming in
and what was in the
body, separation-wise.
But eventually it
started to integrate.
Things started to align.
And her mission
started to happen.
But it was quite tough,
because she was like 30,
and because we get a
lot more solidified
with our emotional programming
by the time we're 30.
When we're a child, which is
like I was, when it happens,
it's much easier.
Children are much more
fluid, emotionally.
They are much more flexible.
So it's a lot
easier to integrate.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Well, that's about the same
age it happened to Drunvalo.
And what we'll do is we'll take
the next several minutes-- six,
seven minutes,
something like that--
and take a look at a
video of his experience.
And just before-- it was
a longer conversation
I had with him,
about a half an hour.
And we've just taken
a couple of excerpts.
And he was able
to, after a period
of time, regain his
memory completely
of the whole process.
And souls travel from all
parts throughout the cosmos
to go through this step-down
process, right, in density?
>> NGAN: Yes.
>> REGINA: And this is a
subject I'm familiar with.
And he explained it.
And from him-- his soul-- as
far back as that memory goes,
as a non-physical being
from a higher dimension--
went through the Crab
Nebula beyond Orion
and started a step-down
process through,
I believe, the Pleiades,
and then into Sirius,
and then from Sirius to
Venus, and step down,
step down, step down,
into more and more density
until the process was finished
enough so that he could
come into a
physical, Earth body.
We're going to pick his story
up where he speaks about,
I believe, the Sirian portion
of it, of leaving Sirius,
now on his journey toward Earth.
OK?
>> NGAN: OK.
>> DRUNVALO: I remember
leaving the surface of Sirius B
and making a huge, huge
arc, coming around to come
into Sirius A. And
we were moving--
not at the speed of light,
but sub-speed of light,
about 9/10 the speed of
light-- and we went straight
into the sun, Sirius A. And
about 90 seconds later we came
out in our sun, here,
in our solar system.
Our sun and their sun
are interconnected.
And we move in a double-helical
pattern around the galaxy.
And that's why this was so easy.
And from there, I
had to go to Venus
to get permission to come
into Earth, because Venus
is the highest level
of consciousness
in this solar system.
And I did that.
And from there, I came
into Earth, into 1840,
into the fourth
dimension of the Earth.
And they released me into the
atmosphere, and I went in.
And I thought all of
the ascended masters
were going to be there.
There was nobody there.
And I went up in the
fifth, nobody there.
And I went into the sixth,
and there they all were.
And I spent 10 years with them.
But that's 10 years
fourth-dimensional,
10 years of Earth time.
And that's probably,
maybe 100 years.
And I don't know what it is.
It's a long time.
And then in 1850, I was born
normally, not as a walk-in.
So each time along
here I was walking in.
But this time I didn't.
I came in a normal way and
was born to the Taos Pueblo.
And that's another whole story.
Eventually I died
in there in 1890.
And the moment I did,
I made so many mistakes
in this first life.
It was just like I didn't
know what I was doing.
And I just kept doing
everything wrong.
And I went back with
the ascended masters.
And I spent from 1890 to 1972
with them, trying to (LAUGHING)
understand what
this is all about.
And I finally felt
like I was ready.
And then on April 10, 1972,
I walked into this body.
Now, I knew as a
spirit that we first
had to select the
body on the Earth.
It isn't like selecting one
out of an inventory that
knew things.
We couldn't do that,
because this planet
didn't know about this.
And so I had to select a body.
That was chosen because
of its education
and a lot of other factors.
Its emotional stability,
a lot of things.
And then from there, I
began to speak with him
about nine years
before I came in.
I knew to the second
when he was going to die.
I had permission to
enter into this body,
but I was also giving to him.
We began to train him on higher
levels of consciousness, which
I knew that I would
be able to use later.
But we gave him a huge gift
of allowing him to, when
he did die, to go to a much
higher level of evolution
than what he was on.
And that was like a gift
for him giving us his body.
And well, I knew exactly
when it was going to happen.
And so when it did happen
on April 10 of 1972,
the person that he was
working with was an alchemist
and did something that
he thought was right.
But perhaps it wasn't,
because he ended up
killing this person.
He didn't mean to, but he did.
And I still remember
when he breathed out--
and actually, as he started
to, the world began to spin.
I still have that memory.
And the whole thing started
spinning faster and faster
and faster, until
it was just a whirl.
I don't know how to explain it.
It was just light.
And then he died.
When he did, I gave
it just a moment.
And then I breathed in as
he left that continuum.
And I began to breathe
through his body.
And then got to my house
and just dropped me off
and drove away.
So I go into my house to a
family I'd never seen before.
But another thing happens
when you're walking in,
and you have to understand,
is that the energies
of the memories
of the body, which
are in the cellular memory,
begins to take over.
And your old memories begin to
fade, of where you came from
and what it was all about.
And by the time I had
driven back there,
I was the person I was
before-- I mean the person that
was in this body before--
I had his memories.
And so I knew I was coming
back to my wife and my child.
And I walked in, and it was
just like I was just returning.
And this went on for-- the
angels that have been with me
all this time, they're
guiding me carefully--
And I went for almost two years
without any memory of who I was
or why I was in this body.
They wanted me to
balance my karma.
And so I spent two
years going around
to people that I had done things
to and said, oh, I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to
hurt you and this.
And when I left
for Canada, I had
spent a lot of credit cards.
And I went back and
I paid them off.
And I did everything
I could think of
to make everything feel better.
And when I finally got to the
place where the angel said, "OK
your karma is not perfect, but
it's good enough," they said,
"Now you have to
remember who you are."
And I didn't know what
they were talking about.
I had no idea what they
were talking about.
>> REGINA: So does all that
sound somewhat familiar from
some of the stories of
other people, as well?
>> NGAN: Oh yes,
very, very familiar.
Yeah, people have very
similar sort of stories.
I have the memory
of coming to Earth.
But it came much later.
>> REGINA: So can you share
what it was like for you
to remember, and where
you had come from?
>> NGAN: A lot of my
soul comes from Arcturus.
>> REGINA: Mhm.
Arcturus, yes.
>> NGAN: And I remember
coming on the grids,
these geometric
grids, through space.
I just remember traveling-- I
think it came out of my cells
as I got clear enough, of
actually traveling to Earth
and being in orbit.
I was in some sort of ship
at a higher dimensional level
observing Earth, a
very strong memory.
Because whenever I
see a movie like, say,
"Gravity," I feel
like I've done this.
I've just sat there
and watched Earth.
It's far beyond just the awe
of seeing it on the screen.
It's like it comes back.
I remember sitting--
there was like this frame
on the spaceship--
and I'm observing
Earth getting ready, sort
of preparing, training,
and waiting for the right time.
And I have the memory
of actually incarnating
at a very specific
time at the changeover.
I don't have the memory of
the actual changeover itself,
but I have the memory of going
down the grid into the body,
just before.
I still remember that.
And then it goes
blank, just like--
>> REGINA: Just
like what he said.
>> NGAN: --what
Drunvalo-- you go blank.
And it's like you're struggling
for, I know there's something
there, but it's
gone to darkness.
Because you go into the
void, or the unconsciousness
of the cellular memory.
And then I spent 20-odd
years trying to wake up again
from that.
>> REGINA: And funny-- you
mentioned that you remembered
being in the craft and so forth.
That's part of many
things that were cut out
of that little bit of
conversation you heard there.
>> NGAN: It's really clear.
>> REGINA: Yes.
He remembered the
craft, too, before even
coming into Sirius
B, for example.
Yeah.
And so, again, Arcturus
has a lot of connection
with Earth right now in
terms of also sending
a lot of non-physicals
and guides here.
We have a lot of
guides from Arcturus.
Often times they're perceived as
these very tall, blue energies,
for example, and really
beautiful beings,
beautiful beings.
So that's a nice place
to come from, I guess,
is what I'm saying.
>> NGAN: Oh yeah, Arcturians
have a very high level
of spiritual technology.
And they're sort of like
the major caretakers
of this ascension process
and doing whatever
it takes to make sure this
happens with grace and ease,
despite all the things
that go on in the world.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
I have a couple of guides.
I just call them
the big blue guys.
And they're from Arcturus.
And they're like genies to me.
They're amazing.
Whatever has to be modulated
or done, they just do it.
And the biggest problem
is remembering to ask,
because I forget to ask for
assistance most of the time.
But when I do, I'm shocked
at what they're able
to, from non-physical
realms, work so easily
into this dimension, even
of a physical nature.
They're really wonderful.
I have a lot of respect
for your people. [LAUGHS]
OK, so let's get down to
some of the physicality of it
and some of the
things that you might
look at if you're
thinking, gosh you know,
I have some of these traits.
One of the things is food
becomes an issue when
you get into your
vehicle, your new vehicle.
Oftentimes, from
what I understand,
people don't know what they
want to fuel themselves with,
what they want to eat.
Food becomes an issue.
>> NGAN: Yeah, the reason for
that is because we're used
to, from the higher dimensions,
having higher dimensional life
force, or called higher
light, feeding us.
The Breatharians are on to that
idea, but in the physical body.
But normally we don't have to
eat in the higher dimensions.
So when we come in a body, we're
looking for higher frequency
energy to keep us going.
And sometimes we forget to eat.
And then we realize,
ooh, I've got a body.
I need to eat.
And a very typical thing
that happens with walk-ins
is they're going looking
for dark green stuff.
>> REGINA: Oh, really?
>> NGAN: They're going around
the supermarket looking
for dark green stuff.
>> REGINA: Why dark green stuff?
>> NGAN: Because they just know
it has the right frequency.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> NGAN: And the closest thing
they usually find is blue-green
algae.
>> REGINA: Right, right.
>> NGAN: And once they find
that, it's a lot easier.
But actually--
>> REGINA: It's like,
yum, food, algae.
>> NGAN: Yeah, well that's
because it's very high
frequency usually.
But they're trying lots
of different things.
And they're finding
out it doesn't work.
Because they can't remember
what it is they need.
They just know this is not
it, and this is not it.
And they're just
searching for it.
That's what happens
with the food.
So we have to go very organic.
It has to be very
highly conscious,
be cooked and
prepared, the food.
You see, they're trying to raise
the frequency of their body.
And if you put normal food
with pesticides and additives,
then you're just dropping
the frequency of the body.
And the walk-in-- it's
the last thing it wants.
>> REGINA: Right, right.
>> NGAN: You see, so that's
why the food's an issue.
A lot of walk-ins don't
eat properly for a while
till they figure
out the food thing.
>> REGINA: First thing they
taste-- and it's like, ooh,
yum, cookies.
>> NGAN: Or they'll try lots
of things on, not just food.
They'll try things
on to see, well,
what's it like to
drive this body?
Let's try hamburgers.
Eh, don't like that.
Well, let's try spaghetti.
Oh that's not too bad.
I can handle that.
>> REGINA: They
like the spaghetti?
>> NGAN: Then it might
change over time.
>> REGINA: Right, right.
Interesting.
OK.
>> NGAN: Everything changes.
>> REGINA: So it's this
confusion around the whole
scenario of food.
And what about, also-- I
was reading in your book
that schizophrenia, a feeling
of feeling schizophrenic,
like there's more than
one personality in there,
that that's a real problem.
>> NGAN: Yeah, that comes
because the cellular memory
of the first soul's still there.
So it's residual
personality memory.
And then you've got
the new soul coming
in putting higher light, higher
frequency, into those cells.
It's pushing out the
old cellular memories.
So they get a flash, ooh I feel
really dysfunctional today.
Or this is a familiar
not so good feeling,
like it was-- I remember what
it was like when I was five.
Then the new part of them is
going, that's not an issue.
We've just got to be in truth.
We've just got to be focused
on what we're here to do.
At the same time--
>> REGINA: So you have two
different personalities
chatting with each other--
>> NGAN: At the same time.
And they're not compatible.
That's why you get the
schizophrenic feeling.
It's not saying that everyone
with schizophrenia has that.
But if our walk-in-- often
that happens initially.
Because there's
two consciousnesses
trying to exist at the same time
and function at the same time,
probably trying to do different
things at the same time.
So that's why a lot
of confusion happens.
>> REGINA: And another thing
is that often these people,
like yourself, feel very
driven to higher purpose.
Because they came
in for purpose.
They didn't come here
just to live it out.
They came for a purpose.
Can you talk about that and
maybe a couple of people
that you have
worked with and how
that affected them
and impacted them
and what they were
able to manifest?
>> NGAN: Yeah, what happens
with a walk-in is initially
they're having to deal
with what's in the body.
And if they've
figured out they're
a walk-in, that's
the half-way home.
Well, it takes a while to accept
that it's actually happened.
It's like, this is
really science fiction,
but I've tried everything
else and realized
this is the only thing
that actually explains it.
And it's like,
OK, I'm a walk-in.
I've got to sort out
my emotional side
of the first side.
I need to come out of
the emotional swamp
and try and get conscious again,
just like Drunvalo was talking
about, and become
conscious again.
Then OK, I'm dealing with
this emotional stuff.
And now I need to get to
the real divine purpose.
Because I know it's in there.
I'm going to find it.
And so what happens then is
that they will search for it.
And they will try out
lots of different things.
They will explore
and push and really
go for it much more than the
average lightworker or service
soul.
Because they know
it's so important
that that mission happens.
It's very precious.
It's the whole
meaning of their life.
And they'll search for that.
And they'll try out
lots of different things
to find out-- well, it's a
process of elimination, really,
and also a process of getting
clear enough emotionally.
But when they get clear
enough emotionally, or enough
of them is embodied and grounded
in the DNA and the souls,
they're trying to
hit what we call
a point of soul integration,
where we've reached enough
of ego dissolution so that
the soul actually takes over,
so that the feelings and
thoughts of the personality
and the soul are synchronized.
So the ego is no
longer in charge.
So it has let go.
And that's when the mission
really starts to reveal itself.
And not many people get there
simply because the density
we carry.
But when they do,
what happens then
is that you move to a
life of flow and bliss,
because the higher consciousness
is actually literally
manifesting everything
around them.
Because this
reality, this matrix,
is actually only a projection
of higher consciousness
onto a screen.
Nothing comes from
it in and of itself.
So what happens when
a walk-in reaches--
or any human being
is on a path--
reaches a point of
soul integration--
because everyone can do this--
the principles for integrating
a walk-in are applicable to
anyone on a spiritual path.
Once they reach that point,
what starts to trigger
is their divine purpose.
And that literally emanates
from their higher heart chakra
and creates a holographic
bubble around them.
So the consensus reality
which everyone unconsciously
has agreed to no longer is
relevant for that individual.
They're literally creating
their own reality,
a bubble around them,
a holographic bubble.
And it affects
everyone around them.
And so the idea here is that
enough walk-ins, or enough
conscious souls,
do this, you have
enough of these holographic
bubbles of higher frequency,
guess what's going to
happen to the consensus?
It's going to start to dissolve.
>> REGINA: Right
>> NGAN: Because the higher
consciousness will basically
raise the frequency
of everything.
That's actually what walk-ins
are trying to do, especially.
But when this opens--
their heart opens,
the higher heart
opens-- then they
become very conscious
of their mission.
But they have to
get clear enough,
and come out of
the unconsciousness
of their personality.
And everyone has their
own unique journey.
And walk-ins often have
particularly challenging
journeys, because
they need to know
what it's like to be human.
So they may extreme
disempowerment, extreme trauma.
And they have all sorts of
things which most people would
find very hard to cope with.
But because of the power
of the soul, they can cope.
And having been through
that intense experience,
they can relate to what
most people go through.
Therefor, they can related their
higher consciousness message
to them.
>> REGINA: Right.
You can't do that if
you don't understand
what it is to be human.
>> NGAN: That's right.
So that's actually sort of a
general view of the experience.
And they will follow
their particular challenge
which is laid out in
the soul contract.
And that will be their gift--
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
>> NGAN: --that
they will deliver.
So they're all
different variations.
No one is ever the same.
And they get to that purpose
in their own unique way.
And it seems it's
not a linear path.
It's a very curved path.
You go around here.
You hit some roadblocks.
You move around those.
And it's about just
following the heart,
eventually, when it
gets clear enough.
But eventually, if they keep at
it, the mission will show up.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> NGAN: But it requires
a lot of dedication.
>> REGINA: One other
person-- and you know her.
And I think it was maybe through
your connection with her?
You can tell me-- that
figured this out for herself
with a very interesting
and unique skill
set-- is an
interviewee here, also,
Susie Miller, who has
the unique ability
to be able to
telepathically communicate
with autistic children.
She and physicist
Dr. William Tiller
are doing this amazing
consciousness experiments
with these kids, in terms
of helping bring them out
so that they can
start integrating
with the body better.
And Susie is-- she's a
lovely soul, herself.
But she's being of
tremendous service
in helping some of
these people who
are appearing to be autistic
bring the soul in to find
that they have very advanced
knowledge and purpose
here on planet Earth.
Can you talk about the phenomena
of walk-ins, also, and autism.
Does this occur as well?
Are some of the kids,
perhaps, or people
who are considered autistic
just having these integration
issues on that level-- or
is that wholly separate?
>> NGAN: It's not an area I
have a lot of expertise in.
But a lot of the
children who are labeled
with ADHD and autism
and things that-- often
this is because the orientation,
the way they consciously
engage with reality--
because on every planet
we relate differently.
Because our emotional and mental
bodies are built differently--
they're coming in
from a different place
to bring a different
consciousness in.
Just because the current
system doesn't understand that,
it's labeled as
something is wrong.
But that's not
necessarily the case.
It's more like we're
trying to-- they're
trying to bring in a
different paradigm.
And it may be that the
density of the place
is just too much for them
to cope with, because--
>> REGINA: It's what
it would appear.
>> NGAN: And so
they're sort of here.
And sometimes when
we make an assessment
from the higher
dimensions coming in,
we can misjudge just
how dense it is.
And so they can come and
realize, oops, I've got stuck.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> NGAN: Because I
went a bit too far.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
they're not here.
And they're not there.
>> NGAN: Yeah, a bit too far
in creating the situation,
trying to bring my
higher frequency--
and they can't relate to me at
all if I'm labeled in a certain
way, I'm given drugs, whatever.
And therefore I'm
getting trapped.
I can't actually
break out of this.
OK, so that can happen a lot.
>> REGINA: Yes
>> NGAN: And so maybe some
of the children are walk-ins.
I haven't worked
with any directly.
So I don't know.
But there are certainly
very higher frequency souls
bringing a different
dimension of love.
>> REGINA: And Susie has been
brilliant at working with them
as a result of-- and I
think her discovery that--
it appears she also,
at a young age,
had this same transition you had
as a walk-in and came for this
purpose.
She was a speech pathologist,
and then kind of, as you say,
bumped into this
particular area.
Autism wasn't what she
had set out to do--
and then found she had this
unique ability as the walk-in
being, higher dimensional being
that she is, by nature she was
able to do this communication.
And they're bringing
them into integration.
Apparently, they're having some
very interesting result, she
and William Tiller.
>> NGAN: Yeah, well, it probably
was one of the main reasons.
But walk-ins usually
have many skills.
It's the question of what's
actually needed here.
And--
>> REGINA: Yeah, I see
what you're saying.
Well, they certainly
need what she's doing.
>> NGAN: She connected.
And so she did her job
and is doing her job.
>> REGINA: Yes, she
is doing her job.
Also, you say-- and you
just mentioned this--
that walk-ins often want
to wear a lot of hats.
Because they come in with
a lot of different skill
sets and intelligence.
It's very difficult to
sort of propel themselves
down just one path.
>> NGAN: Yeah, a walk-in will
have many different lifetimes.
What a walk-in
soul will do is it
will bring in particular
soul components
from its many
lifetimes, and it will
produce a specific, unique
mix for this lifetime.
It'll make its best assessment.
Well, I think we're going
to need this on this planet,
because, oh, we have
a problem of this,
and they're not
very good on this.
So we need to bring
that skill set in.
And they'll come in, they'll
start to use that skill set.
But it may bring in
new ones in situ,
depending on what goes on.
The higher self will decide,
OK, we need more Christ
consciousness to
come in, for example,
that component to come in.
>> REGINA: Mhm, Christ
consciousness, yes.
>> NGAN: So different
parts will come in.
So some of these parts are
quite disparity different.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> NGAN: Which, if you're
in a body, can feel,
I'm trying to reconcile
this part and this part.
And it's oil and water.
And it can be a real conflict.
And they can be quite strong.
Because they need both skill
sets in different situations.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> NGAN: So often with a
walk-in it can be pulled in many
different directions at once.
So it's about just accepting
all the different parts of them
and using whatever mix is
necessary in that moment
for the mission.
So that's why they
can pretty much
do-- a strong one can pretty
much do what they like here,
in terms of being of service.
OK, and once they get clear
enough in the personality.
>> REGINA: And you said--
also in your book--
that oftentimes there's a,
if not a confusion around
sexuality and how all that's
supposed to work and come
together, but even almost an
asexual or androgynous kind
of feeling that
walk-ins often have.
>> NGAN: That's especially
strong at the beginning.
Because we are androgynous
at a soul level.
It's just that we choose
a polarized male-female
orientation when
we're in a body.
So it can be, initially
we're in a body, well,
it's a man's body.
I'm meant to like women.
Or a woman, I'm
meant to like men.
Don't quite get that.
Then they go and try it out,
see, well, do I like this?
Oh, it's not too bad.
OK, well, it's my boyfriend
the previous soul had.
It's like, oh I don't like him.
This is not going to work.
And they'll go off and
try something else.
So there's
experimentation with that
to find out where
their orientation is.
Because they're trying to
balance the higher dimensional
part of them with the
raw human emotional part.
And it's like there's
an idea initially,
but they have to go and
try lots of things on
to see what actually works.
There are a lot of unknowns,
actually, arriving in a body.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> NGAN: Especially when
you start to go unconscious,
as Drunvalo said.
Because you're trying to
reach up and stay conscious,
but, oops, I'm
sinking, I'm gone.
And we forget.
And we become the personality
for quite a long time
until we start to
reach up and realize
it's just a big program.
Now, what am I going
to do about that?
How do I clear all the stuff?
And they'll go and
search for tools.
I searched for tools to
clear the unconsciousness
that he was talking about.
Because I knew underneath
that was the answer
I was searching for.
>> REGINA: Yes, and you did.
You came through.
Your teacher was a really-- that
was really key in your life.
Frank Alper and you were
able to work through not just
his system, but expand on
it, bring the consciousness
that your soul chose to bring
through to create the work you
do, which is your soul
contract work using a higher
dimension, so to
speak, of numerology.
So you have very
specific purpose.
Before we wrap up
this conversation,
explain what has been the most
wonderful aspect of learning
this about yourself and
in assisting others.
>> NGAN: I think if you're going
to take someone who has tried
everything in their life,
has felt lost, beaten down,
by just being in the
reality, being in the matrix,
and show them there
is an order to it,
which is what the soul
contract work does,
but then giving them the
specific tools to address
the different issues,
challenges they face,
which seem insurmountable.
Because they're
trying to solve them,
solve, quote, "the
problem," from the place
of the lower conscious,
or the personality.
So what walk-ins do
is they bring a higher
level of consciousness and
say, well, have a loot at it
from up here.
Then someone goes,
oh it's obvious
what we have to do here.
But from down here,
I couldn't see it.
So it's seeing someone
open and flower
and bring their mission online.
That's the most satisfying thing
I have in working with people.
Especially when they do it,
they actually come online
and they remember who they are.
And so many people
don't manage to do that,
because they got stuck
in their personality.
And that's just
not walk-ins, it's
just lightworkers, in general.
>> REGINA: Yes,
lightworkers, in general.
>> NGAN: It's easy to
get lost in the swamp
of the personality.
>> REGINA: Yes, it is.
And for yourself, the most
wonderful and amazing thing
of this experience?
>> NGAN: I think having my
son, who I've managed to keep
conscious, and seeing him
have a much easier life,
raising him consciously so
that that spark of God we see
in kids' eyes when they're
born has stayed there at 13--
that's been the most
satisfying thing,
that he will go off and
have an easier life,
but he will go off and deliver
his gift much earlier than I
ever could.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> NGAN: That's been the
most satisfying thing.
>> REGINA: That's the thing
about conscious parenting,
isn't it?
Thank you so much for this.
I appreciate your sharing.
It's a very vulnerable subject,
because it's just so odd.
A lot of people
are, what is this?
Is this sci-fi?
No, this is not sci-fi.
This is real.
>> NGAN: Yes, it's very real.
>> REGINA: And the few
people that I've met that are
walk-ins, every one of them
is a very, I would say,
gentle and beautiful soul.
And love figures very
high on the level
of what they choose to
share with the world.
And you're among them.
Thank you.
>> NGAN: Thank you, Regina.
It's been a pleasure
working with you.
>> REGINA: If you or someone
you love is displaying most
of these traits, then you may
want to contact David through
his website at the
centerforconsciousascension.net,
and they'll get
the proper support.
I hope this conversation
has added some clarity
and compassion for anyone you
see struggling in this way,
as many new souls are coming
into Earth to help now.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]